Add attach_xdp to reference_guide.md (#3450)
iovisor/bcc: docs/reference_guide.md

Examples in situ:
[search /examples](https://github.com/iovisor/bcc/search?q=attach_raw_socket+path%3Aexamples+language%3Apython&type=Code)
### 9. attach_xdp()
Syntax: ```BPF.attach_xdp(dev="device", fn=b.load_func("fn_name",BPF_XDP))```

Instruments the network driver described by ```dev``` , and then receives the packet, run the BPF function ```fn_name()```.

Here is a list of optional flags. 

```Python
# from xdp_flags uapi/linux/if_link.h
XDP_FLAGS_UPDATE_IF_NOEXIST = (1 << 0)
XDP_FLAGS_SKB_MODE = (1 << 1)
XDP_FLAGS_DRV_MODE = (1 << 2)
XDP_FLAGS_HW_MODE = (1 << 3)
XDP_FLAGS_REPLACE = (1 << 4)
```

You can use flags like this ```BPF.attach_xdp(dev="device", fn=b.load_func("fn_name",BPF_XDP), flags=BPF.XDP_FLAGS_UPDATE_IF_NOEXIST)```

> For historical reasons, XDP_FLAGS_REPLACE does not make sense in BCC. The default value of 0 has the same meaning.

Author: Thanks, then how about this?
```suggestion
The default value of flgas is 0. This means if there is no xdp program with `device`, the fn will run with that device. If there is an xdp program running with device, the old program will be replaced with new fn program.

Currently, bcc does not support XDP_FLAGS_REPLACE flag. The following are the descriptions of other flags.
```

#### 1. XDP_FLAGS_UPDATE_IF_NOEXIST
If an XDP program is already attached to the specified driver, attaching the XDP program again will fail.

#### 2. XDP_FLAGS_SKB_MODE
Driver doesn’t have support for XDP, but the kernel fakes it.   
XDP program works, but there’s no real performance benefit because packets are handed to kernel stack anyways which then emulates XDP – this is usually supported with generic network drivers used in home computers, laptops, and virtualized HW.

#### 3. XDP_FLAGS_DRV_MODE
A driver has XDP support and can hand then to XDP without kernel stack interaction – Few drivers can support it and those are usually for enterprise HW.

#### 4. XDP_FLAGS_HW_MODE
XDP can be loaded and executed directly on the NIC – just a handful of NICs can do that.

> #### 5. XDP_FLAGS_REPLACE

Reviewer: Please remove this. It can only cause confusion. We can add it later if xdp load part is enhanced with BPF_LINK_CREATE syscall command.

Author: All right, thank you.
